Current state section + \knox{} macro (#4)
chhoumann/p5: sections/currentState.tex

\section{Current state}

As previously mentioned, \knox{} was initially started in 2020.
The previous group chose to develop this layer using Java.

> Using the framework Apache Jena in combination with the Fuseki package, they set up a simple database system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They set up a simple database system using the Apache Jena framework in combination with the Fuseki package.
```

The system has two functionalities. 

> Firstly, it can store knowledge graphs in HDT and convert triples to HDT.
> Secondly, it contains a prototype for counting the number of words in an article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, it can store knowledge graphs in HDT and convert triples to HDT.
Second, it contains a prototype for counting the number of words in an article.
```

There is no API for reading this data, only for writing. 

> In addition, the other layers are directly connected to the database.

Reviewer 2: Pretty sure only the layer before us use direct connection

> Overall, not much code was written and its quality is questionable. 

Reviewer 2: Nickpick: Maybe this should be phrased different. We aren't documenting what has not been done, only what is done.

> The Java language convention was not followed, no documentation was made, and only a single test exists. 

Reviewer 2: What convention? I'm sure there are multiple

Author: Citation has been added

It appears as though no structure was established, making it difficult to navigate the code. 
Furthermore, the database is set up such that is must be restarted every time new data is written to it - otherwise, the data cannot be fetched.

Based on this, we have discussed what work to do and in what order.
After having read and understood the current code, we will have to start by cleaning up the inconsistencies and structure.

> We will then have to document what the code does and write tests for it.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice if text about server and database was with other text about DB/server. Eventually, everything JAVA could be moved down before what we must do.
